# cs-320-portfolio
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
How do I approach designing software?
I can ensure that my code is functional and secure by crafting tests for each case, then running my code as coverage and seeing how much of my code is positively covered. In addition to manually constructing tests, I can implement continuous integration pipelines to automate the testing process, then refine my code as needed from the results of the automated testing. Through iteration, the code can be made functional and secure as close to perfection as possible. To uphold security, code reviews can be conducted and dependency checks can be run on the code to find any upcoming vulnerabilities.
User needs can be interpreted through analysis. Furthermore, direct communication with the users can benefit interpretation. Through analaysis and communication, user needs can be directly incorporated into a program. It is important to continuously reference user needs when developing a program. It is good to constantly ask if the code being developed meets user expectations. This feedback loop can be continued through surveys, interviews, and feedback sessions. It is also extremely helpful to craft user stories and ensure the code developed is aligned with said user stories. With these methods, user needs can be prioritized and centered at the forefront of any program development project.
I first approach designing software by constructing the requirements of the software. Then, communicating with my software team, we refine the requirements. Off the requirements, extensive design documentation needs to be detailed, so that solid communication is established across the team. The documentation will act as a pillar throughout the coding process. I would also approach designing software with the Agile methodology, where 2-week sprints dominate the process. The Agile methodology would also include continuous feedback and iteration to improve the code at hand. Overall, I approach designing software with an open, forward-thinking mind, that will allow me to tackle any software project.
